The President:
Hello everyone.
Veterans' Day Weekend is a
chance for all of us to say
two simple words: "Thank you."
Thank you to that
greatest generation
who fought island by island
across the Pacific,
and freed millions from
fascism in Europe.
Thank you to the heroes
who risked everything
through the bitter cold of Korea
and the stifling
heat of Vietnam.
And thank you to all the
heroes who have served since,
most recently our 9/11
Generation of veterans
from Iraq and Afghanistan.
Now that more of
them are coming home,
we need to serve them
as well as they served us.
That requires more
than a simple "thank you" -
especially from those of us
who've been elected to serve.
I've often said that my top
priority is growing the economy,
creating new jobs, and
restoring middle-class security.
And a very important
part of that is making sure
that every veteran
has every chance
to share in the opportunity
he or she has helped defend.
In addition to the care
and benefits they've earned -
including good mental
health care to stay strong -
that means a good job,
a good education,
and a home to call their own.
If you fight for
your country overseas,
you should never have to fight
for a job when you come home.
I've made sure the federal
government leads by example,
and since I took office,
we've hired about
300,000 veterans
to keep serving their country.
Our new transition assistance
program is helping veterans
and their spouses find that
new job and plan their career.
And I'm going to keep
calling on Congress
to do the right thing and
pass the Veterans Jobs Corps.
Put our veterans to
work rebuilding America.
Our troops gain unmatched skills
while serving in harm's way.
So we're also doing
everything we can to connect
more businesses with
highly-skilled veterans.
More help with job searches.
More tools to connect
veterans to job openings.
More chances to earn
licenses and credentials
for civilian jobs.
And new tax credits for
companies that hire veterans
and wounded warriors -
tax credits which Congress
should make permanent.
And America's
businesses have worked
with Michelle and Jill Biden's
Joining Forces campaign
to help returning heroes find
jobs in the private sector.
They've already hired
or trained 290,000 veterans
and military spouses,
and they've committed to
hiring over 400,000 more.
We're also committed to giving
today's veterans and their
families the same shot at a
great education this country
gave my grandfather when he
came home from World War II.
We're helping more of
them earn their degrees
under the Post-9/11 GI Bill.
We've worked with thousands of
schools across the country
to set new standards to protect
against dishonest recruiting
and predatory lending practices
that target our veterans.
And we're helping hundreds
of community colleges
and universities do more
to welcome and encourage
our veterans on campus.
Thanks to these efforts,
and the efforts
of the private sector,
we've made progress getting
our vets back to work.
But we've got
a lot more work to do.
And as more than
a million of our troops
return to civilian life,
we're going to have
to work even harder.
Because the skill,
dedication, and courage
of our troops is unmatched -
and when they come home,
we all benefit from
their efforts to build
a stronger America and
a brighter future for our kids.
So to all our veterans,
on behalf our entire nation,
thank you
for everything you've done
and will continue
to do for our country.
As your Commander-in-Chief,
I'm proud of your service,
and grateful for your sacrifice.
And as long as
I'm your President,
I will make it my
mission to make sure
that America has your back,
not just on
one day or one weekend,
but 365 days a year.
Thanks.
God bless you,
and have a great weekend.